{
  "Date": "2018",
  "Parties Involved": ["Bolivia", "Chile"],
  "Case Name": "Obligation to Negotiate Access to the Pacific Ocean (Bolivia v. Chile)",
  "Case Number": "ICJ/153",
  "Court Name": "International Court of Justice (ICJ)",
  "Document Type": "Case Summary",
  "Document Date": "2018",
  "Document Summary": "The case involves a dispute between Bolivia and Chile regarding Chile's obligation to negotiate in good faith and effectively with Bolivia to grant it fully sovereign access to the Pacific Ocean. Bolivia claims that Chile has committed itself to negotiate a sovereign access to the sea for Bolivia through agreements, diplomatic practice, and declarations. Bolivia argues that Chile has not fulfilled this obligation and denies its existence. Bolivia invoked Article XXXI of the American Treaty on Pacific Settlement as the basis for the jurisdiction of the Court.",
  "Case Summary": "The case involves a dispute between Bolivia and Chile regarding Chile's obligation to negotiate in good faith and effectively with Bolivia to grant it fully sovereign access to the Pacific Ocean. Bolivia claims that Chile has committed itself to negotiate a sovereign access to the sea for Bolivia through agreements, diplomatic practice, and declarations. Bolivia argues that Chile has not fulfilled this obligation and denies its existence. Bolivia invoked Article XXXI of the American Treaty on Pacific Settlement as the basis for the jurisdiction of the Court. Bolivia instituted proceedings against Chile before the Court on 24 April 2013. Bolivia asserts that Chile has not complied with its obligation to negotiate and denies its existence. The case is related to Bolivia's aspiration for sovereign access to the Pacific Ocean due to its landlocked situation. The dispute has been ongoing since the 1904 Treaty of Peace between Bolivia and Chile.",
  "Keywords": ["Bolivia", "Chile", "Pacific Ocean", "Sovereign Access", "Dispute", "Article XXXI", "American Treaty on Pacific Settlement", "Diplomatic Practice", "Treaty of Peace"]
}