{
  "Date": "2023",
  "Parties Involved": ["Shaaban al-Sayed and Gashao Mangisto", "State of Palestine"],
  "Case Name": "Shaaban al-Sayed and Gashao Mangisto v. State of Palestine",
  "Case Number": "CRPD/C/66/D/31/2003",
  "Court Name": "United Nations Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities",
  "Document Type": "Decision adopted by the Committee under article 5 of the Optional Protocol, concerning communications No. 67/2019 and No. 68/2019",
  "Document Date": "2023",
  "Document Summary": "The case involves communications submitted by Shaaban al-Sayed and Gashao Mangisto, fathers of two missing Israeli civilians with psychosocial disabilities, alleging violations of their rights under the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. The alleged victims disappeared after entering the Gaza Strip and have not been seen since. The Committee adopted the communications at its 28th session and found that the State of Palestine violated the authors' rights under the Convention. The Committee requested the State of Palestine to provide information on the measures taken to implement its requests and the results of those measures. The Committee also recommended that the State of Palestine provide an effective remedy, including compensation for legal costs incurred by the authors. This decision by the United Nations Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities highlights the importance of States' obligations under international human rights law to protect individuals from human rights abuses and to provide effective remedies for alleged violations. The decision also underscores the importance of ensuring that individuals have access to medical care and contact with their families and representatives, particularly in cases of disappearance and arbitrary detention.",
  "Case Summary": "The case involves communications submitted by Shaaban al-Sayed and Gashao Mangisto, fathers of two missing Israeli civilians with psychosocial disabilities, alleging violations of their rights under the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. The alleged victims disappeared after entering the Gaza Strip and have not been seen since.",
  "Keywords": [
    "Shaaban al-Sayed and Gashao Mangisto",
    "State of Palestine",
    "Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities",
    "Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities",
    "Gaza Strip",
    "United Nations Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities",
    "Human Rights Abuses",
    "Arbitrary Detention",
    "International Human Rights Law"
  ]
}